AWSO - Added common troubleshooting error for (#5076)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/deploy-with-terraform.md

  ```sql
  pip install sumologic-sdk
  ```
### Invalid IAM role OR AccessDenied
#### Error Message

```
Invalid IAM role OR AccessDenied
```
#### Solution

> For access keys activation, refer to [Edit, deactivate, or delete access keys](/docs/manage/security/access-keys/#edit-deactivate-or-delete-access-keys) or for permissions issue, refer to [Role capabilities](/docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/before-you-deploy/#prerequisites) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Refer to [Edit, deactivate, or delete access keys](/docs/manage/security/access-keys/#edit-deactivate-or-delete-access-keys) for access keys activation. 
- Refer to [Role capabilities](/docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/before-you-deploy/#prerequisites) for permissions related issues.
```
